You might be wondering why Spark is important,
or how an expert thinks about Spark.
Well, that's what we're going to cover in the next lesson.
In this lesson, you will gain practice running Spark the same way professionals do.
You'll get hands-on experience working with
DataFrames as a means of analyzing streaming data.
Streaming data can be stored in temporary views
with specific transformations applied already.
You will use Spark SQL and DataFrames to query these views.
Spark is an open source framework for distributed computing across a cluster of servers.
Typically programming is required.
Kafka is a durable message broker used to mediate
the exchange of messages between multiple applications.
Data at rest is no longer the most relevant information in many subject areas.
Acting intelligently in response to
changing conditions is becoming more and more relevant.
Spark enables organizations to act quickly in response to events as they happen.
Spark streaming sources are the connection to the outside world for Spark.
With Kafka as a source,
virtually anything can be ingested as a stream.
What does Spark do?
Using information from a variety of sources,
Spark allows you to create relationships with other data.
Spark reads streams of information in near real-time.
Spark can read from folders,
sockets, or Kafka topics.
A cluster is an orientation of two or more servers in
such a fashion that they can communicate directly with one another,
or with a cluster manager often for
the purpose of high availability or increased capacity.
There are two modes of running Spark: cluster mode and standalone cluster mode.
Cluster mode has multiple options including Apache Mesos and Kubernetes.
This diagram conveys the Kubernetes cluster mode configuration.
The Kubernetes API is the entry point to submit your application.
The Kubernetes cluster maintains the health of the individual workers.
The workers are the executors of the Spark streaming application.
Kubernetes is an open source technology used to coordinate and distribute computing.
Zookeeper is an open source technology that
enables semi-autonomous healing of a server cluster.
This diagram conveys the standalone cluster mode configuration
which you will use in this course.
It optionally include Zookeeper.
Zookeeper's main job is to ensure the master is up and running.
If needed, it will induct a standby master.
Because we don't need high availability for this course,
we will not be using Zookeeper.
The Spark master's main job is to divvy workup to all the workers.
The workers are the executors of the Spark streaming application.
The power of Spark is in the workers.
Workers allow the streaming application to execute multiple instructions simultaneously.